#summary This page serves as a place to brain-dump ideas on what needs to be done to the code, and where we want to take it
#labels Phase-Requirements,Phase-Implementation

Please feel free to add to this list, or add any comments to this page.

= Details =

  * (DONE) Fix resizing
  * (DONE) Fix (or remove, or move functionality to ‘browse’) the ‘Manage’ tab
  * (DONE) Correct ‘new folder’ function allowing spaces in folder name
  * (DONE) Maybe combine this into it’s own TinyMCE plugin rather than expanding advimage, so we can incorporate movies/flash and allow document uploads
  * (DONE) refactor PHP code inside the CI application
  * Apply prettier skin to TinyMCE and the modal pop-up ( http://thebigreason.com/blog/2008/09/29/thebigreason-tinymce-skin )
  * (DONE) model/s: use the db class methods ([http://codeigniter.com/user_guide/database/active_record.html Active Record]) instead of raw queries. 
  * use model objects instead of arrays. this means a lot of template changes
  * (DONE) create and use CI config files
 

Other notes:

  * (DONE) After resizing, image doesn't appear as resized until you refresh the dialogue?
  * (DONE) Always overwrites original after saving (after resizing) (FIXED!)
  * (DONE) ‘Manage’ tab doesn't seem to do much yet (necessary?) (REMOVED)
  * (DONE) Validation on adding new folder (removing spaces for dashes - ) (FIXED)

I notice the file upload types are limited to images, however I think the aim should be to use this uploader/browser for uploading videos/flash files. Currently TinyMCE can generate code for flash/quicktime/wmv types. Also, allowing types such as .doc, .pdf would be ideal. Not sure how the front end is built but I guess this would maybe mean replacing the ‘add image’ ‘add movie’ buttons in Tiny MCE with a general ‘Add Media’ button. Makes sense to me?